# Compiling Helper for Adobe Air SDKAir SDK compiling helper written for Node.js.Usefull to clean your testing and distributing workflow.## Features- Works on Windows and Mac OSX, not tested on Linux (tell me if you can test it :))- Stop using batch files to compile or simulate your Air projects, get all your configurations with just one file.- No more `description.xml` duplicates because of multiple native extensions or multiple app ID.- No more terminal mess, simplify compiling process with one command.- Can auto-increment your build numbers.- Can store your p12 settings, by configuration.- Push compiled application to iOS and Android devices.- Can launch pre-configured simulators.- Can compile to Air / Win / Mac / iOS / Android.- Auto-detect IP for wifi debugging.## Installation```npm install -g air-compiler ```Project hosted on [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/package/air-compiler)Sources available on [github](https://github.com/la-haute-societe/air-compiler)## Usage### Init a projectGo to your project folder with terminal and type : ```air-compiler init```This will create a `compiler.config.js` file in your project root.Compiling process will also create a tmp/ folder in your project root.### Configure a projectOnce the project is initialised, just feed the `compiler.config.js` file.You have to fill mandatory parameters like Air SDK Path etc.You can add simulation profiles and compiling profiles.### Launch SDK simulatorJust pass the simulator profile name as first argument.Ex : launch the Air simulator with the default iphone screen size ```air-compiler iphone```Ex : If you create your own simulator profile in the config file```air-compiler mySimulationProfile```### CompileJust pass the compiling profile name as first argument.Ex : Compile the test profile```air-compiler test```### Pushing apps to devicesJust type `air-compiler push` to push latested compiled ipa and apk to connected devices. You can set the autoInstall parameter in your compiling profile to push automatically compiled binaries to connected devices.